= Meeting Notes = 

==03.10.2012==
-Online meeting on our facebook group
==04.10.2012==
-Weekly meeting after the lecture at school.

-Database design.
==05.10.2012==
-Rendez-vous with the instructor and the assistant to get feedback.
==07.10.2012==
-Meeting at school & on skype to update requirements regarding the instructor's feedback. Discussion on how to differ the site from Facebook. New features. (i.e. Today's Activity, Most Active Person of the Interest, Limiting posts per minute, connecting Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites to get information about the user/crawling, asking the user her interests on registration...)

-Setting up the environment (Tomcat, Eclipse, Subclipse etc.) on our computers.
==09.10.2012==
-Meeting with the instructor in order to get approval for the new ideas we came up with.

-Decided to program with Ruby on Rails. We will have an introduction to Ruby on Rails on Thursday 11th.

-We updated the requirements.
==10.10.2012==
-Preparing the manual for the environment setup.
==11.10.2012==
-Weekly meeting after the lecture.

-Introduction to Ruby on Rails by Ilker at ETA-A6.

==14.10.2012==

-Starbucks/Taksim at 14:00.

-We created our database design on paper.

-We wrote 3 scenarios.

-We started the setup but will continue at home because of slow connection.

-We updated our project plan.

-We distributed the work for thursday.

TO-DO for thursday:

+  Ilker-> Rails & Subversion compatibility

+  Everybody-> complete setup

+  Prototype:

   Ilker-> Homepage

   Gul-> Profile

   Aysegul-> Interest

   Semih-> Event

   Enes-> Messaging

   Tuncay-> Help

+Ilker, Gul -> complete storyboards 

+Semih -> complete presentation slides

+Tuncay -> transfer Database design to computer (gliffy)

==01.11.2012==

-Until Sunday, Rails tutorial will be finished.

-Until Sunday, Ilker will assign subparts to each person.

-Until Thursday, the assignments will be done.

-SVN

-New requirement: The similarities between pairs of people will be represented by a number out of 10. (according to mutual friends and mutual interests)

== 06.11.2012 ==

  *  Tuncay: Discussion model, controller and views

  *  Enes: Survey model, controller and views

  *  Semih: Event model, controller and views

  *  Gul: Occasion model, controller and views

  *  Aysegul: Message model, controller and views

== 08.11.2012 ==

Meeting at ETA-A6 from 16:00 to 20:00 for working together on implementation.

We solved our problems.

Decided to fasten the development until next week (MILESTONE).

== 15.11.2012 ==

We examined http://railscasts.com for weekly rails tutorial videos.