=Definitions=

=== Social Networking Service: ===
An online service, platform, or site that focuses on building and reflecting of social networks or social relations among people, who, for example, share interests and/or activities.

=== Online Community: ===

=== Member Profile: ===
A collection of personal data associated to a specific user.

=Similar Sites=

  * [http://www.academia.edu/ Academia.edu] is similar to our project. It is *not belonging to* a specific university or a department *as opposed to* our project description (i.e _"... *CMPE* community can express..."_). There are many universities all over the world.

In this social network site, each member have *Answers* and *Questions* sections on their profiles. Like creating a new forum ,you can ask questions about a specific topic to the other people , and the people interested in this question can *answer* or *follow the question*. By following the question ,you can easily reach the possible answers may be given in the future. Besides ,you can see the *past questions* and *answers related to this topic*.

*One defective feature* we realize in the *signup process* is that it *does not check to validate* user's real identity. We used a hotmail account with *fake name and surname* to sign up and the site *did not complain*. If the site targets the *academic people*, it can use e-mail accounts with *.edu* extension in the *signup process*.


They [http://academia.edu/hiring/software_engineer posted] *the technology they use*. Some of them are:

  * Css
  * Javascript
  * Ruby on Rails
  * PostgreSQL
  * Redis
  * MongoDB
  * Varnish
  * Memcached
  * Solr
  * AWS

_by Tuncay Demir, Semih Aklar_

----

  * [https://www.yammer.com/ Yammer] - an *enterprise social network service* used for private communication within organizations or between organizational members and pre-designated groups.

It is similar to our project *since* a company email address *must be validated* in order to register the website. It is also similar in the way that it *supports android and smartphone* usage. 

More information about features of the website: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yammer]

Some information about technology they used: [http://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/jobs-Implementation-Engineer-2435654]

_by Ayşegül Sarı_

----

  * [http://www.researchgate.net/ Researchgate.net] is another similar site.It is *like* [http://www.academia.edu/ Academia.edu]. However interests are restricted to *scientific topics*.
_by Semih Aklar_

-----

  * [http://fledgewing.com/ FledgeWing] - Entrepreneural community targeted towards worldwide university students
  * [http://www.deviantart.com/ deviantART] - Art community
  * [http://www.couchsurfing.org/ CouchSurfing] - Worldwide network for making connections between travelers and the local communities they visit.

This project can be taken as an example while building the search section of our application. *Searching filters* in this site are very clear and convenient.

  * [http://www.linkedin.com/ LinkedIn] - Business and professional networking

Linkedin is a widely used platform which is similar to our project, because it can also be considered academic. There is a "jobs" section on this site. Since CMPE gathers people from the same department, *job opportunities* and announcements can be shared within this section if we add it as a requirement in our project.

_by Gül Varol, Başak Çaprak_
-----

[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_social_networking_websites Here] is a big list of social networking sites with their brief descriptions(probably most of you have found it but I put it here anyway).
[https://csc.cdf.toronto.edu/bb/YaBB.pl This] is the forum of undergraduate students of University of Toronto Computer Science department. It might give us an idea about what to focus on considering we are building a CmpE-specific website.
_by Hakan Guldas
-----


= Useful Links =
  * [http://www.uie.com/articles/common_pitfalls_social_webapps/ Common Pitfalls of Building Social Web Applications]
  * [http://www.slideshare.net/lukew/social-web-application-design Social Web Application Design]
_by Gül Varol, Başak Çaprak_
 