=USE CASE ANALYSIS=

==Use Case Diagram:==

Şekil.

==Use Cases:==

UC1 – Register
UC2 – Log in
UC3 – Create an interest
UC4 – Subscribe to an interest
UC5 – Recommend person
UC6 – Recommend interest
UC7 – Create an event
UC8 – Manage interest pages
UC9 - Invite people to an event
UC10 - Check e-mail validity

UC1 – Register
•	User will enter his basic personal information (name, surname, e-mail, password).
•	System will add the information into the database and want the user to verify his e-mail.
•	User will verify his e-mail.

UC2 – Log in
•	User will enter his e-mail and password, then click log in button.
•	System will check the information.
•	System will direct the user to the home page.

UC3 – Create an interest
•	User will go to “Interests” page from the link on the home page.
•	User will click the “Create an interest” button.
•	User will choose the related category tags (pre-specified finite set of tags supplied by the administrator) such as music, sports, arts etc…
•	User will be able to write down related search tags(user is free to enter any words).
•	User will enter the information about the interest (and upload a profile Picture if he wants).

UC4 – Subscribe to an interest
•	User will search an interest via entering its name in the search bar.
•	Among the search results, he will choose an entry and go to that interest’s page.
•	User will click on subscribe button.
•	The interest’s page will be added to his profile.

UC5 – Recommend person
•	System will determine the people who have similar interests with the user.
•	These people will appear on the recommended people section.

UC6 – Recommend interest
•	System will determine other interests which have the similar tags with the user’s interests.
•	These interests will be appear on the recommended interests section.

UC7 – Create an event
•	User will go to “Events” page from the link on the home page.
•	User will click the “Create an event” button.
•	User will enter the information about the event (name, place, time etc…)
•	User will choose the related interests.
•	User can invite people to the event by clicking on the “Invite” button.
•	System will create a notification about the event on other people’s (who has the same interest) home page.

UC8 – Manage interest pages
•

UC9 - Invite people to an event
•

UC10 - Check e-mail validity
•

==Use Case Scenarios:==

•	A new user whose main interest is making old style kites registers to the site. System recommends people and communities for this person whom he might enjoy.
•	A user wants to setup a BarCamp organization about Jquerry.